1.

(i) Write a Python program to swap two numbers without using a third variable. 
(ii) Write a Python program to create a 1D NumPy array of numbers from 0 to 9 and print it.

2.

(i) Write a Python program to find the maximum of two numbers.
(ii) Write a Python program to reshape a NumPy array of shape (9,) to (3, 3).

3.

(i) Write a Python program to find the square root of a number.
(ii) Write a Python program to generate a NumPy array of 100 random numbers and count how many are greater than 0.5.

4.

(i) Write a Python program to calculate the area of a circle given its radius. 
(ii) Write a Python program to create a Pandas DataFrame using a dictionary and print its first 5 rows

5.

(i)Write a Python program to convert kilometres to miles. 
(ii) Write a Python program to find the number of null values in each column of a Pandas DataFrame.


6.

(i)Write a Python program to find the largest among three numbers. 
(ii) Write a Python program to group the Iris dataset by species and calculate the mean of each group.

7.

(i) Write a python program to check if a number is prime in Python 
(ii) Write a Python program to read a CSV file containing the Iris dataset using Pandas.

8.

(i) Write a Python program to check if a number is an Armstrong number.
(ii) Write a Python program to read data from an Excel file and display the first 5 rows.

9.

(i) Write a Python program to find the LCM of two numbers. 
(ii) Write a Python program to display the number of rows and columns in a dataset using Pandas.

10.

(i) Write a Python program to check if a given string is a palindrome.
(ii) Write a Python program to find the variance and standard deviation of petal width.

11.

(i) Write a Python program to calculate the sum of first N natural numbers.
(ii) Write a Python program to create a box plot for sepal length by species.

12.

(i) Write a Python program to print the multiplication table of a given number.
(ii) Write a Python program to perform linear regression on BMI vs Glucose in the UCI diabetes dataset.

13.

(i) Write a Python program to find the factorial of a given number.
(ii) Write a Python program to plot a scatter plot with a regression line for Age vs Blood Pressure.

14.

(i) Write a Python program to reverse a number. 
(ii) Write a Python program to get basic statistical summaries of a DataFrame (mean, std, min, max, etc.)

15.

(i) Write a Python program to count the number of digits in a given number.
(ii) Write a Python program to calculate the mean, median, and mode of sepal length in the Iris dataset.

16.

(i) Write a Python program to find the largest number in a list.
(ii) Write a Python program to display the last 5 rows of a DataFrame.

17.

(i) Write a Python program to find the second largest number in a list.
(ii) Compare standard deviation of BMI between UCI and Pima datasets.

18.

(i) Write a Python program to sort a list in ascending order. 
(ii) Compare regression coefficients for Glucose and BMI from UCI and Pima datasets.

19.

(i)  Write a Python program to reverse a list.
(ii) Write a Python program to find and replace all missing (NaN) values in the dataset with the column mean.

20.

(i) Write a Python program to count the number of vowels in a given string.
(ii) Identify and remove duplicate rows in the Iris dataset, if any.